Data files used to recreate the tables and figures for the manuscript.

1. `target_overview.csv`: Corresponds to Table 2. 
1. `metadata.csv`: Metadata corresponding to each sample, including mixture (mix), replicate (rep) marker (target), parasite density bin (dens), the reference strains present (ref_strains), the the percent of the mixture that comprises that reference haplotype (ref_pct), and the expected multiplicity of infection based on the haplotypes present in the reference strains (moi). 
1. `ref_pairwise_dists.csv`: Pairwise SNV distances of reference haplotypes. Used to generate Figure 1B. 
1. `read_counts.csv`: Reads per sample by marker (target), including information found in `metadata.csv` plus the number of raw reads (raw_reads), and the number of reads after filtering (n_reads_sample). Used to generate Figure 1C. 
1. `dada2_long.csv`: Haplotypes returned by DADA2, including the information contained in `metadata.csv` and `read_counts.csv` plus the haplotype sequence (dna_seq), the number of reads supported for that haplotype, the alias name for the haplotype (dada2_alias), the length of the haplotype (hap_len), the pairwise distance to the nearest reference strain (dist_to_ref), the minimum distance to another haplotype in the sample (min_dist), the read proportion of the haplotype to the most closely related other haplotype in the sample (read_prop), the difference in length to the 3D7 haplotype (diff_3d7), and the categorization of the haplotype (hap_type, see manuscript for details). Used to create Figure 1D, and Figures 2-4.
1. `missing_info.csv`: All haplotypes that were expected to be found, including information contained in `metadata.csv`, `read_counts.csv`, and `dada2_long.csv` plus whether or not the haplotype was found (found), the references that correspond to that haplotype (ref_name_all), the proportion of reads that supported the haplotype (prop_reads), whether or not the haplotype was missing (missing), the read depth per 10,000 reads (reads_10000), and the mixture-density combination (mix_dens). Used to create Figure 5 and Table 3. 
1. `dada2_long_clinsamps.csv`: Haplotype information corresponding to clinical samples, including information similar to that in `dada2_long.csv`, except that it is for clinical samples and thus has fewer columns because less is known about the samples. Used to create Figure 6. 